 

Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry was just another morning for the Gryffindor trio during breakfast in the grand hall. The Great Hall was animated with the sounds of students at every table of houses, chatting and eating. Harry was eating his eggs and bacon while looking at his girlfriend with loving glances, as she blushed slightly and continued having her conversation with a new first-year by the name of Claudia Collins. Ginny, the youngest child of the Weasley clan, had been going out with The Boy Who Lived since early last summer. Their relationship still flourished into a strong and close companionship.

 

And everyone at Gryffindor's house was happy with the new couple. However, Seamus, Dean, and Lee always had the most fun pulling their legs with jokes when it came to both hugging-hooking and trying to have personal time alone.

Ron Bilius Weasley, her brother, was happy for her and had nothing against her dating one of his best friends. He still gave Harry the usual overprotective warnings with the rest of the males in the Weasley house during his stays at the Burrow, especially when Harry and Ginny had announced they were going steady. Ron was playing with his Triwizard cards with Neville to spend the remainder of breakfast. Hermione had her head buried in one of her seventh-year textbooks, 'Hogwarts, A History, which wasn't surprising since that had been one of her favorite books to read since her first year in school. 

 

A lot had changed during the past summer after their sixth year. The battle against the Dark Lord Voldemort and his Death Eaters had ended in the middle of their school term in the early spring when they had attacked the school. There had been a few casualties, and some of the members of the Order of the Phoenix had been injured. But thankfully, Voldemort had been destroyed by the Killing Curse by Harry, while the Death Eaters had been all round-up by the Ministry and Order, and were all sentenced to Azkaban.      Half of the parents of the Slytherin house's students that had been found, tried, and convicted as Death Eaters or supporters of the former Dark Lord were serving terms in Azkaban at the moment for life.

Peter Pettigrew was captured and recently had been given the Dementor's Kiss in July, with the Order and Harry present. Sirius Black's name had been cleared of all charges while Harry himself was put into Remus Lupin’s custody, which meant he didn’t have to return to the Dursleys. So Harry would be living as long as he wanted with Remus once school would be out.  Remus had come back to teach again as a professor in the school as he had done in the past year.

 

Unnoticed by anyone, an owl flew into the Great Hall and dropped off a fairly small package to Lee Jordan, and he undid the letter that was with it. Reading it rather fast, his face grew into a wide smirk as Seamus and Dean joined in smirking mischievously. Harry and Ron looked at the three boys with raised and curious glances but didn't say anything as they took off dashing out of the Great Hall. The two best friends didn't do anything but just look at each other and shrugged, going back to what they were doing. Then an owl flew in and dropped something into Ron's lap as it left fast in flight.

 

"What is that, Ron? " Hermione asked, looking up from her book as some of their housemates looked at him curiously as well.

 

"Oh, it's just... A short note from Luna. Nothing important," Ron replied, but then narrowed his eyes annoyingly as some certain girls giggled and grinned.



"Aw! Ronnie-kins got a letter... A love letter from his girlfriend. What does it say? Huh, Ron? " Ginny asked playfully as Harry joined her smirking and snickering.



"Shut up, Harry. Ginny, go jump in the lake and swim with the giant squid. Luna and I are just friends, nothing more. I'm dating Linda Turpin," Ron mumbled as his ears turned red.



"Oh, look, Neville honey, his ears are turning red again," Padma Patil, said, standing next to the Gryffindor tables.



Neville nodded in agreement, laughing as he left with his girlfriend. The two had hooked up due to Parvati's twin sister, Parvati, playing matchmaker with them.



Ron didn't say a word as his housemates, little sister, and two best friends kept egging him on about the letter as he left the table and then went over to the Ravenclaw table. He smiled, waving his hand in front of his friend's face together with complete attention as she snapped out of her silent moment of staring into space and daydreaming. Her eyes of silvery-gray radiated the same beauty of a dreamy look to them as she looked up at him and smiled. As for her dirty blonde, waist-length, straggly hair, it had some red-styled dyed highlights in it while being pinned up in red Muggle hair chopsticks that went with her school robes and butterbeer cork and radish chain necklace.



Luna got up at once from the table, carrying her usual saddlebag filled with school books, while her right arm was filled with an issue of 'The Quibbler' and a book on 'Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them'.



"Hi, Ronald, I still wish that we could be allowed to have good old pudding for breakfast. It's wrong not to have pudding every day," Luna said, sighing, slightly sad about there being no pudding in part of the daily balance of a healthy, nutritious breakfast in the mornings while some of her housemates looked at her with nervous and irritating stares.



"If it makes you feel better Lu, I can always sneak into the kitchens and get Dobby and Winky to sneak us some, especially the butterscotch ones you fancy," Ron answered for her while trying to cheer her up.



It seemed to do the trick as she hugged him tightly while smiling.



"REALLY? THAT'S SO GREAT! You're the greatest!" Luna squealed loudly as she didn't notice she had gotten the attention of everyone in the room just then.



"Um, Lu...I think you just got us an audience yet again, like last school semester when you created that odd S.P.E.W banner for Hermione," Ron said in a whisper just as some students smirked and made kissing sounds while some snickered as Luna narrowed her eyes and stopped hugging her friend.



"WHAT ARE YOU ALL STARING AT? Just mind your own business and get on with your lives, all of you normal people! Can’t a girl hug her friend in peace with you all thinking it’s a show of entertainment for you to watch! Look away now, or I’ll send the blubbering humdinger for you! '' Luna shouted as the students looked away fast as heck and the staff went back to eating.



"So what's up?" Luna asked him, wondering why he wanted to talk to her.



"Can you please do me a favor? A really big favor?" Ron asked.



"Sure. What kind of a favor?" Luna asked while fixing one of her quill pens on her right ear while her wand was on the other one.



"Can you help me with making a musical plain cheer card for Lisa? I need the help since it's her birthday coming up next week," Ron said as she nodded in understanding.



"Okay, it's no problem, Ronald. Oh, and tell Harry that I said hi," Luna answered, smiling.



"Oh... How cute. Weasel’s talking with Loony Lovegood when his girlfriend Turpin isn't around and is in the hospital wing, nearly puking up slugs when your wand screwed up last night. Some way of trying to charm up flowers for her," a voice drawled as they looked up, seeing a familiar face as Ron's ears turned red and.



"Go piss off and bother someone else, Malfoy-Ferret! " Ron shouted as Draco Malfoy looked at him, Crabbe and Goyle next to his side as usual.



"Chicken. Oh, what's that, freak girl? " Draco asked, looking at a third book that was in her hands.



"Oh, it's a book on ‘Unfogging the Future’ by Cassandra Vablatsky. That woman is a genius writer with lots of talent," Luna answered, being her usual cheerful, happy self, but then looked shocked as Draco snatched the book away from her and eyed it.



"What a phony piece of trash this is. I think it'd be perfect as a target for testing out some hexes," Draco drawled coldly as Luna's eyes widened in shock.



"Hey! Give me that back! I just bought that with all my pocket money this summer! " Luna said, trying to get it back while jumping up trying to reach, but it was hard to see how Malfoy had had a growth sprout during the summer and was quite taller than she was.



"Ferret! Hand it over to her!" Ron shouted, as the book hit the floor and Malfoy smirked and left with his goons following, as the bells went off for the first classes to begin.



"I don't see how he got that fair job of being a Head Boy," Ron mumbled as Hermione, Ginny, and Harry walked over.



"Hard to say how. But he had gotten that job fair as Harry and I did," Hermione said while they walked off.



"Let's see... Oh! Luna take a look at this! We have History of Magic together! Yes! " Ginny cheered as Luna smiled and they ran off.



"Great... We've got Divination with Hufflepuff... boring," Ron mumbled as Harry nodded in agreement.



"Have fun, boys. I have Ancient Runes to go to. Thank Merlin I quit that insane batty woman's class and McGonagall let me take up an extra class of Professor Garcia's great subject," Hermione said, relieved as she walked off in another direction.



After lunch that day, three certain students were busy doing something.



"So these are some of the newest products Fred and George are working on?" Dean asked Lee, who nodded.



"They just invited this stuff and are testing out. They said it takes only three seconds to work and then wham...you get the results of whatever it causes," Lee explained, showing them a small vial filled with powder mixed with an unusual gray-purple-colored liquid.



"Neat! So, what does it cause to happen to someone?" Seamus asked.



"I don't know exactly. They said they just made it while fooling around with things and some various powders and potions they were working on. I have no clue how it works, mates," Lee said, but then they all looked up as they heard voices coming out of the Great Hall.



“Come on, let's move fast before someone catches us," Dean hissed as they took off running.



However, Unknown to him, Lee accidentally dropped the vial, and it fell to the floor

While Draco Malfoy had just exited the hall dining rooms. He didn't notice the three Gryffindors who had left or the small vile. Within moments, he stepped right on the glass, and it smashed. Just then, Luna and some students came out.

A loud banging noise went off as students screamed, panicking, as smoked covered the Slytherin Head Boy. Soon Draco's voice was heard gagging coughs as he started screaming and yelling.



Crackles and popping noises were heard as the staff with Harry, Ron, Hermione, and the others rushed out, worried. A bundle of the boy's uniform and robes was in a heap on the floors. Then a small sound was heard as something poked out of them.



"What the...? " Ron choked out.



"Oh my... sweet Merlin! " Ginny shouted at the same time as Hermione.



"Is that...who I think it is...?" Harry asked, out of breath and not believing his eyes.



The entire staff, with Professor Snape, the Deputy Headmistress, and Headmaster looked on, surprised, but yet not shocked at it. Then Dumbledore had McGonagall tell all of the students to continue with their classes, and they did as they were told. A small toddler of about two years old, Draco Malfoy was wailing and sobbing in the mess of robes and uniform. His eyes were still closed while crying his lungs out loudly until his eyes of gray opened and focused upon Luna's state of calmness, and she smiled at him. He kept silent while looking at her curiously.



He had looked different from the teenage boy of seventeen that he had been.

His skin was pale in complexion but healthier looking than before. His hair was now a dirty blonde-silver color, laying messy locks around his head. The child's pointy face was a bit still in appearance. Harry, along with Hermione and Ron, stared looking amazed that the little boy in front of their very eyes was the same creep who had made their life hell in the past school years.



Ginny looked on, seemingly fascinated with it all. Luna stood quietly with a smile knowingly, not wanting to scare the toddler since he was already quiet.



"What in Merlin's name happened to him? Abs, Never have I ever have seen a thing like this before," Professor Sprout asked.



"I am not entirely sure. But why don't we all discuss this in my office? Severus, Minerva," Albus said, as Snape was about to pick Draco up until the toddler sniffled and then screamed, slapping at him.



"I don't think he likes you, Professor. May I please try holding him?" Hermione asked.

Snape didn't say a word as the Headmaster merely nodded at her answer, and she picked up Draco.



"Hi, little guy. What's your name?" Hermione asked him nicely, but he only looked at her unhappily while giving her a scared look.



"Let me try holding the little pint-sized ferret, Maine. Ha, he looks like a wimp," Ron said as he took a hold of the blonde toddler.



But that had been his mistake; the now two-year-old wizard smacked him hard across his face.



"No! No! No! Where's my Mumma?! I WANT MY MUMMA! " The young Malfoy screamed, yelling nonstop as he started wailing again and shedding big hippogriff fat tears.



"Ron! Now, look at what you made him do! Stop getting him upset, or he won't stop crying!" Harry shouted at the redhead while covering his ears from the sounds.



"He started it! The little spoiled brat! OUCH! Professors! He bloody bit me! Why I ought to..." Ron growled until Ginny gave him a dark and deadly look, stepping in front of him from trying to go after the pint-sized Malfoy heir.



"Ronald! Don't you dare touch that child! For Merlin's sake! He's just a baby and doesn't know what he's doing, you stupid git! And you're scaring him as well, so leave him alone, or else I'll be giving you something to cry about!" Ginny threatened him, and he quickly shut his mouth, stepping back.



"Can I please try holding him? I think he might be okay. He's just a baby and all kids at his age... Eh, at this moment is just frightening," Luna asked.



"Good luck... he's a devious biter of a beast so watch out," Ron warned as Draco kept going at hitting him with his small little fists, and then strangely, he stopped. The second the child had turned his attention, eyes seeing the Ravenclaw girl, Draco ran immediately rushing over to Luna, tugging at her robes.



"Hug. I want a hug now. Please..." he asked innocently in his toddler-baby voice as Luna smiled and picked him up. Draco hugged her tightly while smiling back at her.



"I see you have a way with the little ones, Miss Lovegood," Minerva said, looking impressed.



"Thank you, ma'am. I have a lot of experience due to having little nephews on my dad's side of the family," Luna said while looking a bit surprised that Draco had then fallen asleep in her arms, and she was stunned that he was a bit light to hold.



"Miss Lovegood, please follow Professor McGonagall, Professor Snape, Professor Filtwick, and I to my main office since young little Mr. Malfoy seems more suited in your arms. Mr. Potter, Miss Granger, Miss Weasley, and Mr. Weasley, please go to your classes at this moment and not a word of what you've seen to anyone," Dumbledore instructed as the four Gryffindors nodded and left, as did the other teachers.



And Luna followed the four professors through the hallways while carrying the little Slytherin that was now tiny tot. What a year this was turning out to be.

 What do you mean three?”

Hermione sent the form off before she turned, confusion clear on her face as daybreak in the sky.

“Omegas are rare, Hemlock, and given the scarcity they naturally bond in Quads. I thought you had seen Amidala, Clovis, Satine and Bo Katan together in the courtyard? Not that you’re going to as far as bonding, obviously, but the offer will be there and-“

This time, Hemlock did choke on her spit.

“Three! No one told me anything about three! Circe-“

Hemlock leapt from her chair, rushing for the door as if Tom’s ghost was nipping at her heels.

“I’ve got to get that bloody survey back, or smash the computer it was sent to!”

Hermione shouted over the chirp of the door opening, wide-eyed and pale.

“What do you mean you didn’t know? It was discussed in our Care of Magical Creatures… Oh, right, yeah. You were in the hospital wing during that time-“

It was too late; Hemlock was already sprinting down the corridor.